All right welcome back my students so we have done a lot in this last couple lectures.
It's time for us to start testing this out.
Let's test it already.
We're ready to test it out.
We might have to change a couple things because I've been doing this kind of fast.
I want to get to the application side of the course but let's go and check this out and see if it's
working OK.
So we know that if we try to add as admin something is going to happen.
Right.
And well first of all we get these little bug.
So let's go and fix that is admen and we need to add this class.
All right cool for us.
But that's beautiful.
Let's do it.
Let's do it again.
It says you are mistreated because you're seeing this page.
Something is wrong definitely because if you go to your the user's role we can see that these guys subscriber's
not an administrator anymore.
All right so the logic is now greed is not great.
OK I can I can see the logic in that mistake right here.
All right let's just say if the if the user is not an admin All right then redirect them back
to this page.
That's it.
All right let's do that answer.
As you can see we're done.
All right we can access that unless we are an administrator.
So let's test this out real quick.
Let's go to users let's add it and let's do a role like the one.
Go.
Beautiful.
Now let's try to edit that.
I mean let's try to go to our page outman enter and you are an administrator because you are seeing
this page all because you're seeing this face you are an administrator sometimes on translating from
my language to English.
And it comes backwards.
All right.
Hopefully it makes sense for you guys Jorge.
But anyway as you can see how easy this is now all we have to do is every time we want to apply this
ace admin functionality we are middleware.
We just put it in that construct or we can pass is in the parameter like this.
All right we can passing in right here like this is admin.
All right.
I'm going to leave this for Web.
Really cool stuff.
And remember guys the resources are always going to be at the end of the sections or lectures.
Check for those links there though mentation is there where you can take out of this core this course
mostly is the practicality Jurai how how practical is this stuff that you know they don't show you in
books.
I'm showing you here and you know and the great stuff about this is that we have so many documentation
out there so many people having issues that we can just make a little quick search on line and we can
find our problems.
You can post this posted in the discussion.
You can go to the Facebook group and you know your questions will be answered.
If you have any issues now I don't want you to just you know the first hour that you're stuck with the
second hour to call me to message me or to message your friends you know give us some time try to fix
it.
Try to play around with it for a couple hours a couple of days until you figure it out.
Believe me you're going to learn a lot more that way than just calling for help every two minutes.
All right.
Anyway thank you so much guys for watching this section of these lectures.
And I'll see you in the next one